feat: logs SDK observability - otlploggrpc exporter metrics (#7084)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: exporters/otlp/otlplog/otlploggrpc/internal/x/README.md

# Experimental Features

> The metric SDK contains features that have not yet stabilized in the OpenTelemetry specification.
> These features are added to the OpenTelemetry Go metric SDK prior to stabilization in the specification so that users can start experimenting with them and provide feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `otlploggrpc` exporter contains features that have not yet stabilized in the OpenTelemetry specification.
These features are added to the `otlploggrpc` exporter prior to stabilization in the specification so that users can start experimenting with them and provide feedback.
```

> These feature may change in backwards incompatible ways as feedback is applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These features may change in backwards incompatible ways as feedback is applied.
```

See the [Compatibility and Stability](#compatibility-and-stability) section for more information.

## Features

- [Self-Observability](#self-observability)

### Self-Observability

> The SDK provides a self-observability feature that allows you to monitor the SDK itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `otlploggrpc` exporter provides a self-observability feature that allows you to monitor the exporter itself.
```

To opt-in, set the environment variable `OTEL_GO_X_SELF_OBSERVABILITY` to `true`.

> When enabled, the SDK will create the following metrics using the global `MeterProvider`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, the exporter will create the following metrics using the global `MeterProvider`:
```

- `otel.sdk.exporter.log.inflight`
- `otel.sdk.exporter.log.exported`
- `otel.sdk.exporter.operation.duration`

Please see the [Semantic conventions for OpenTelemetry SDK metrics] documentation for more details on these metrics.

> [Semantic conventions for OpenTelemetry SDK metrics]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/v1.36.0/docs/otel/sdk-metrics.md

Reviewer 3: 😁 You are right, ignore this issue.

## Compatibility and Stability

> Experimental features do not fall within the scope of the OpenTelemetry Go versioning and stability [policy](../../../../VERSIONING.md).

Reviewer: the hyperlink does not work (probably misses some `../`)
